ticdc: update "safe-mode" description (#20252)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-faq.md

TiCDC guarantees that all data is replicated at least once. When there is duplicate data in the downstream, write conflicts occur. To avoid this problem, TiCDC converts `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements into `REPLACE INTO` statements. This behavior is controlled by the `safe-mode` parameter.

> In versions earlier than v6.1.3, `safe-mode` defaults to `true`, which means all `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements are converted into `REPLACE INTO` statements.
> In v6.1.3 and later versions, the default value of `safe-mode` changes to `false`. TiCDC can automatically determine whether the downstream has duplicate data. If no duplicate data is detected, TiCDC replicates `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements without conversion. Otherwise, TiCDC converts `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements into `REPLACE INTO` statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In versions earlier than v6.1.3, the default value of `safe-mode` is `true`, which means all `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements are converted into `REPLACE INTO` statements.

In v6.1.3 and later versions, the default value of `safe-mode` changes to `false`, and TiCDC can automatically determine whether the downstream has duplicate data. If no duplicate data is detected, TiCDC directly replicates `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements without conversion; otherwise, TiCDC converts `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements into `REPLACE INTO` statements and then replicates them.
```
